Add Adhara design documentation (#65)
hyperledger-labs/harmonia: docs/adhara/crosschain_interoperability.md

# Crosshain Interoperability 

## Introduction

The [Crosschain DLT Interoperability Specification](https://entethalliance.github.io/crosschain-interoperability/draft_dlt-interop_techspec.html) is a formal definition of the implementation requirements for Enterprise Ethereum clients to achieve scalable crosschain communications.

The definition of the protocol stack consists of three layers:

![Crosschain protocol stack](./img/crosschain_interop_spec.svg)

where 

 - The `Crosschain Application` layer contains all business logic.
 - The `Crosschain Function Call` layer enables remote function calls across DLT networks.
 - The `Crosschain Messaging` layer enables a trustless environment concerning transactions and events that are generated on one network and needs to be trusted on another network.

The design of the architecture, protocols, and interfaces is in alignment with the standards set by the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA), with the specifications defined in the three layers of the protocol stack.

## General use cases

> The crosschain application layer XvP (PvP/DvP) smart contract implementation is based on a leader-follower approach in which one network is the leading network and the other is the follower network. Atomic settlement, in the financial sense, is achieved by ensuring that either both legs complete successfully or none does, in which case the trade is cancelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The crosschain application layer XvP (PvP/DvP) smart contract implementation is based on a leader-follower approach in which one network is the leading network and the other is the follower network. In the financial sense, atomic settlement is achieved by ensuring that either both legs complete successfully or none do, in which case the trade is cancelled.
```

### PvP

The crosschain Payment versus Payment (PvP) flows discussed here involve payments taking place across two Ethereum networks.

> The crosschain PvP cash settlement flows make use of earmarks, where cash are placed on hold with the intent to transfer it to the entity it was earmarked for after receiving sufficient proof that a previous step in the PvP flow was executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The crosschain PvP cash settlement flow makes use of earmarks, meaning that cash is placed on hold which will be transferred to the entity it was earmarked for only once sufficient proof is obtained that a previous step in the PvP flow was executed.
```

> The crosschain PvP cash settlement flows make use of earmarks, where cash are placed on hold with the intent to transfer it to the entity it was earmarked for after receiving sufficient proof that a previous step in the PvP flow was executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The crosschain PvP cash settlement flows make use of earmarks, where cash is placed on hold with the intent to transfer it to the entity it was earmarked for after receiving sufficient proof that a previous step in the PvP flow was executed.
```
